What are you doing?
How did it go?
Can you still stand up?
Brother Yuan, I didn't mean to
I don't know what happened to him.
That's him!
He broke into my exclusive music room
You came up and grabbed my arm
I was hurt by him.
Pushed him lightly
Brother Yuan, you see it's all red
What are you doing here?
No.
I just heard someone singing my song
Just want to ask me ASAP
Where did the song come from?
Are you saying I stole your lyrics?
That's funny.
Me a day later
I can write a dozen songs casually in a month
Brother Yuan framed me as soon as he came in
You have to call the shots for me
Don't think I don't know
Your songs are all copied
Little four little brother
How can you hug another woman?
He's pretending to be dark
Bitch dares to seduce Brother Yuan
Will make you feel better
Go to the hospital
Doctor, how is he?
The patient is currently fine
It could be malnutrition.
Also slightly hypoglycemic
Previous fainting may have been caused by low blood sugar
Just add more glucose.
Hey, are you family members of the patient?
The patient is currently two weeks pregnant. What?